[Doc] Add a new metric for managed-ledger add latency (#14414)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-metrics.md

| pulsar_ml_AddEntryBytesRate | Gauge | The bytes/s rate of messages added |
| pulsar_ml_AddEntryWithReplicasBytesRate | Gauge | The bytes/s rate of messages added with replicas |
| pulsar_ml_AddEntryErrors | Gauge | The number of addEntry requests that failed |

> | pulsar_ml_AddEntryLatencyBuckets | Histogram | The add entry latency of a ledger with a given quantile (threshold), including time spent on waiting in queue on the broker side.<br> Available quantile: <br><ul><li> quantile="0.0_0.5" is AddEntryLatency between (0.0ms, 0.5ms]</li> <li>quantile="0.5_1.0" is AddEntryLatency between (0.5ms, 1.0ms]</li><li>quantile="1.0_5.0" is AddEntryLatency between (1ms, 5ms]</li><li>quantile="5.0_10.0" is AddEntryLatency between (5ms, 10ms]</li><li>quantile="10.0_20.0" is AddEntryLatency between (10ms, 20ms]</li><li>quantile="20.0_50.0" is AddEntryLatency between (20ms, 50ms]</li><li>quantile="50.0_100.0" is AddEntryLatency between (50ms, 100ms]</li><li>quantile="100.0_200.0" is AddEntryLatency between (100ms, 200ms]</li><li>quantile="200.0_1000.0" is AddEntryLatency between (200ms, 1s]</li></ul>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_AddEntryLatencyBuckets | Histogram | The added entry latency of a ledger with a given quantile (threshold), including time spent on waiting in queue on the broker side.<br> Available quantile: <br><ul><li> quantile="0.0_0.5" is AddEntryLatency between (0.0ms, 0.5ms]</li> <li>quantile="0.5_1.0" is AddEntryLatency between (0.5ms, 1.0ms]</li><li>quantile="1.0_5.0" is AddEntryLatency between (1ms, 5ms]</li><li>quantile="5.0_10.0" is AddEntryLatency between (5ms, 10ms]</li><li>quantile="10.0_20.0" is AddEntryLatency between (10ms, 20ms]</li><li>quantile="20.0_50.0" is AddEntryLatency between (20ms, 50ms]</li><li>quantile="50.0_100.0" is AddEntryLatency between (50ms, 100ms]</li><li>quantile="100.0_200.0" is AddEntryLatency between (100ms, 200ms]</li><li>quantile="200.0_1000.0" is AddEntryLatency between (200ms, 1s]</li></ul>|
```

| pulsar_ml_EntrySizeBuckets_OVERFLOW |Gauge  | The add entry size > 1MB |
| pulsar_ml_LedgerSwitchLatencyBuckets | Histogram | The ledger switch latency with given quantile. <br> Available quantile: <br><ul><li>quantile="0.0_0.5" is EntrySize between (0ms, 0.5ms]</li><li>quantile="0.5_1.0" is EntrySize between (0.5ms, 1ms]</li><li>quantile="1.0_5.0" is EntrySize between (1ms, 5ms]</li><li>quantile="5.0_10.0" is EntrySize between (5ms, 10ms]</li><li>quantile="10.0_20.0" is EntrySize between (10ms, 20ms]</li><li>quantile="20.0_50.0" is EntrySize between (20ms, 50ms]</li><li>quantile="50.0_100.0" is EntrySize between (50ms, 100ms]</li><li>quantile="100.0_200.0" is EntrySize between (100ms, 200ms]</li><li>quantile="200.0_1000.0" is EntrySize between (200ms, 1000ms]</li></ul> |
| pulsar_ml_LedgerSwitchLatencyBuckets_OVERFLOW | Gauge | The ledger switch latency > 1s |

> | pulsar_ml_LedgerAddEntryLatencyBuckets | Histogram | The latency to persist entry into a ledger with a given quantile (threshold). <br /> Available quantile: <br /><ul><li> quantile="0.0_0.5" is AddEntryLatency between (0.0ms, 0.5ms]</li> <li>quantile="0.5_1.0" is AddEntryLatency between (0.5ms, 1.0ms]</li><li>quantile="1.0_5.0" is AddEntryLatency between (1ms, 5ms]</li><li>quantile="5.0_10.0" is AddEntryLatency between (5ms, 10ms]</li><li>quantile="10.0_20.0" is AddEntryLatency between (10ms, 20ms]</li><li>quantile="20.0_50.0" is AddEntryLatency between (20ms, 50ms]</li><li>quantile="50.0_100.0" is AddEntryLatency between (50ms, 100ms]</li><li>quantile="100.0_200.0" is AddEntryLatency between (100ms, 200ms]</li><li>quantile="200.0_1000.0" is AddEntryLatency between (200ms, 1s]</li></ul>|

Reviewer 2: The latency to persist entry by bookie client from broker to BookKeeper service with a given quantile (threshold).

Author: Thanks for your comments. I've updated the description. PTAL.

> | pulsar_ml_LedgerAddEntryLatencyBuckets_OVERFLOW | Gauge | The latency to persist entry into a ledger > 1s |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_LedgerAddEntryLatencyBuckets_OVERFLOW | Gauge | The latency to persist an entry into a ledger. The overflow is triggered if the latency is longer than 1 second. |
```

Do you mean this? @hangc0276 @momo-jun

Reviewer 2: The latency to persist an entry into a ledger. The overflow is triggered if the latency is longer than 1 second.
-----
The number of times the write latency is longer than 1 second
